[API Shield] Endpoint Labeling Service (#17480)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/api-shield/management-and-monitoring/endpoint-labels.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
type: overview
title: Endpoint labeling service
sidebar:
  order: 1
  label: Labeling service

---

API Shield's labeling service will help you organize your endpoints and address vulnerabilities in your API. The labeling service comes with managed and user-defined labels.

> Today, managed labels are useful for organizing endpoints by use case. In a future release, managed labels will automatically be added to endpoints with informative or security risks, alerting you on endpoints that need attention.

Author: ```suggestion
Today, managed labels are useful for organizing endpoints by use case. In a future release, managed labels will automatically label endpoints by use case and those with informative or security risks, alerting you on endpoints that need attention.
```

User-defined labels can also be added to endpoints in API Shield by creating a label and adding it to an individual endpoint or multiple endpoints. User-defined labels will be useful for organizing your endpoints by owner, version, or type.

> You can sort and filter your endpoints based on the labels. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can filter your endpoints based on the labels. 
```

`cf-add-post`: Add this label to endpoints that post messages in a communication forum, or product or merchant review.

`cf-account-update`: Add this label to endpoints that participate in user account or profile updates.

`cf-missing-auth`: Cloudflare will automatically add this label to endpoints where all successful responses are sent back to requests made by unauthenticated users without a session identifier. Refer to the table below for more information.

`cf-mixed-auth`: Cloudflare will automatically add this label to endpoints that respond successfully to requests sent by users who are not required to be authenticated, both with and without session identifiers. Refer to the table below for more information. 

`cf-sensitive`: Cloudflare will automatically add this label to endpoints when HTTP responses match the WAF’s [Sensitive Data Detection](/api-shield/management-and-monitoring/#sensitive-data-detection) ruleset.

| Description | 4xx, 5xx responses | 2xx responses |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| If _all_ requests are missing authentication, Cloudflare will apply the label: | (no label) | `cf-missing-auth` |

> | If only _some_ requests missing authentication, Cloudflare will apply the label: | (no label) | `cf-mixed-auth` |

Author: ```suggestion
| If only _some_ requests are missing authentication, Cloudflare will apply the label: | (no label) | `cf-mixed-auth` |
```

## Create a label

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account and domain. 
2. Go to **Security** > **Settings** > **Labels**.
3. Under **Security labels**, select **Create label**.
4. Name the label and add an optional label description. 
5. Apply the label to your selected endpoints. 
6. Select **Create label**. 

Alternatively, you can create a user-defined label via Endpoint Management in API Shield. 

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account and domain. 
2. Go to **Security** > **Settings** > **Labels**.
3. Choose the endpoint that you want to label. 
4. Select **Edit labels**.
5. Under **User**, select **Create user label**. 
6. Enter the label name. 
7. Select **Create**. 

## Apply a label to an individual endpoint

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account and domain. 

> 2. Go to **Security** > **API Shield**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Security** > **API Shield**.
```
